docs/arguments/linker-args.md, before:

# Linker Specific Arguments

All descriptors using the linker accepts these arguments. The standard
descriptors that use these are [PROG](../descriptors/prog.md),
[MODULE](../descriptors/module.md), [LIB](../descriptors/lib.md)
[LINKERSET_LIB](../descriptors/lib.md) and
[TOOL_PROG](../descriptors/tool-prog.md).

## cflags, cwarnflags, conlyflags, cxxflags

    cflags[-O3 -funroll-loops]
    cwarnflags[]
    conlyflags[-Wno-dump-warning]
    cxxflags[-fno-exceptions]

These set the corresponding ninja variables. Those are then used in the
rules files when compiling C and C++ files.

The default values are listed on the page about
[compiler flags](../compiler-flags.md).

## copts

    copts[\`php-config --includes\` -fno-strict-aliasing]

Options passed to C and C++ compilers. Mostly optimizations, warnings and such.
Does not override the default flags.

Instead of doing like the example shows consider setting a variable to the
output of php-config in the [config_script](../descriptors/config.md#config_script)
and then use that variable. E.g.

    copts[$php_config_output]

Then php-config isn't run for each compilation but only when generating the ninja
files.

## ldopts

    ldopts[-fprofile-arcs]

Options passed to linker. Does not override the default flags, but does
override any ldopts set globally.

Commit message:

Add some missing info based on reading the source.
Turns out ldopts can't be set locally in the Builddesc, only via
configvars etc.

docs/arguments/linker-args.md, after:

# Linker Specific Arguments

All descriptors using the linker accepts these arguments. The standard
descriptors that use these are [PROG](../descriptors/prog.md),
[MODULE](../descriptors/module.md), [LIB](../descriptors/lib.md)
[LINKERSET_LIB](../descriptors/lib.md) and
[TOOL_PROG](../descriptors/tool-prog.md).

## cflags, cwarnflags, conlyflags, cxxflags

    cflags[-O3 -funroll-loops]
    cwarnflags[]
    conlyflags[-Wno-dump-warning]
    cxxflags[-fno-exceptions]

These set the corresponding ninja variables. Those are then used in the
rules files when compiling C and C++ files.

The default values are listed on the page about
[compiler flags](../compiler-flags.md).

## copts

    copts[\`php-config --includes\` -fno-strict-aliasing]

Options passed to C and C++ compilers. Mostly optimizations, warnings and such.
Does not override the default flags.

Instead of doing like the example shows consider setting a variable to the
output of php-config in the [config_script](../descriptors/config.md#config_script)
and then use that variable. E.g.

    copts[$php_config_output]

Then php-config isn't run for each compilation but only when generating the ninja
files.

## no_analyse

Disables the static analyser for this descriptor. Useful when it's made from
third party sources and you won't modify it regardless. Use with an empty
value.

    no_analyse[]
