docs/descriptors/config.md, before:

# Global configuation - CONFIG

There can be only one `CONFIG` directive in the whole build system and it has
to be before any `COMPONENT` directives. In practice this means that it has to
be first in the first Builddesc or not at all.

Sebuild is meant to have sane defaults and perhaps you will not need a
CONFIG directive at all, its entire contents is optional. The most common
options to add are `invars`, `config_script` and `flavors`.

A config directive with large contents will look something like this.

	CONFIG(
		buildpath[build]
		buildvars[toolflags]
		buildversion_script[sebuild/buildversion.sh]
		conditions[x y]
		compiler[gcc]
		flavors[dev release]
		configvars[
			sebuild/config.ninja
		]
		rules[
			sebuild/gcc.ninja
			sebuild/rules.ninja
		]
		extravars[
			scripts/build/toolrules.ninja
			scripts/build/static.ninja
		]
		ruledeps[
			in:$inconf,$configvars
		]
		prefix:release[usr/local]
		config_script[
			sebuild/config_script.sh
		]
		invars[
			scripts/build/invars.sh
		]
	)

CONFIG contains custom arguments, described here. The list of arguments
on the index page does not apply to CONFIG. As a special exception, you _can_
use the [INCLUDE argument](../arguments/include.md) in CONFIG.

## buildpath
Where the build files are put. See other sections of the documentation to see
how files are organized.

Defaults to the BUILDPATH environment variable or to `build` if unset.

## buildvars
Attributes in other build descriptors that are copied into ninja files as
variables. The variable names here can be added as arguments in any descriptor
and will be available to rules in your custom rules.ninja.

## buildversion_script
Script that outputs one number which is the version of what's being built. It's
highly recommended that the version number is unique for at least every commit
to your repository.
Defaults to `git rev-list HEAD 2>/dev/null|wc -l|xargs` (xargs remove
any formatting wc adds.)

## cflags
Adds additional flags when using the C and C++ compiler. Must be flavored and
meant to contain defines, e.g.

    cflags:release[-DNDEBUG]

To set global cflags, use configvars. See also the
[Compiler and Linker Flags page](../compiler-flags.md).

## compiler

Override the compiler used, set it to the C compiler, C++ one will be guessed
with some heuristics. Defaults to CC env variables or by testing a few common
compilers if unset.

The available choices are gcc or clang:

	compiler[clang]

You will need respective compiler to be installed, obviously.

You can add a version requirement and multiple options. For example

	compiler[gcc:7.0 clang:5.0 gcc]

will first look for gcc >= 7.0, then clang >= 5.0 and then fallback
to an older version gcc.

### compiler_flavor_rule_dir
Directory for variables specific to both compiler and flavor, if any.
Included mostly for completeness, works similar to
[compiler_rule_dir](#compiler_rule_dir) and
[flavor_rule_dir](#flavor_rule_dir).

Defaults to the bundled `rules/compiler-flavor` directory which is empty.

## compiler_rule_dir
Directory containing variables for a compiler variant (such as gcc or clang).
In this directory should be a file named `compiler.ninja` (e.g. gcc.ninja)
that will be a global include based on compiler used. Typically sets the
`warncompiler` ninja variable.

Defaults to the bundled `rules/compiler` directory.

## config_script
Run a script whenever seb is generating ninja files and parse its output as
variables or conditions.

The script is run when seb is generating ninja files, and the output is parsed.
Any line containing a equal sign (`=`) is added as a ninja variable. This can
be used to e.g. run php-config only when seb is run instead of each call to the
compiler. These variable can be referred to in cflags etc. by using `$var` as
parsed by ninja.

Any non-empty line output without an equal sign will be considered a condition
to activate.

Make sure to redirect any messages to stderr for them to appear on the console.

## conditions
Statically set the mentioned conditions. These are used to enable or disable
features and are usually set via the script in [config_script](#config_script),
but you can also set them here. Conditions are further described
[here](../conditions.md).

## configvars
A list of file names, relative paths.

The files should contain global ninja variables. This can be used to set some
ninja variables such as the default gopath. Passed to invars.sh to also
generate variables there, must thus contain only variable assignments, no
rules, as it has to be parsable by bash as well.

Some descriptors and source types will parse some configvars values specially.
These are mentioned in respective document.

## invars
A list of file names, relative paths.

These scripts are invoked if you have any in-files in your
[srcs](../arguments/srcs.md).  Before run, the flavored `buildvars.ninja`, all
the configvars files and the builtin invars script are all included. The
builtin invars script defines two functions:

* setval can be used to set values. They'll both be printed and set as script
  variables.
* depend can be used to add dependencies on files, such that the invars script
  is re-run if they change. A trick to detect some changes such as an IP
  change is to add `depend /dev/null`. You should also depend on any scripts
  you include etc.

In previous versions this was instead set in `configvars` using the `inconfig`
variable. That still works and overrides the value set here so make sure you
haven't done that if you use this parameter.

## builtin_invars
A file name, relative path.

Can be used to override the builtin invars script. Should be used sparingly as
it might change even in patch versions. If not used the `SEBUILD_INVARS_SH`
environment variable is also checked before the default builtin one is used.

New variables might be added to the builtin script without it being considered
a breaking change.

## extravars
A list of file names, relative paths.

Per flavor-included ninja files. This means they can depend on the variables
defined in the flavor files. Can be flavored.

## flavors

Unlike in other descriptor, here this argument lists all the available flavors.
Flavors are described in more detail in [its own document](../flavors.md).

Defaults to `dev` only.

## flavor_rule_dir
Directory containing default variables for a flavor, in addition to those set
here.
In this directory should be a file named `flavor.ninja` (e.g. dev.ninja) that
will be a flavor specific include. Typically sets variables such as `cflags`
and `cwarnflags`.

Defaults to the bundled `rules/flavor` directory.

## godeps and godeps_rule
A list of files that all Go target depends on. E.g. you can add go.mod
here to rebuild all go targets when go.mod changes.

By default this tries to execute a `godeps` rule, which you can define
in a rules.ninja file. You can however also change the rule used with
the `godeps_rule` argument. For simple cases the
[touch](../arguments/specialsrcs.md#touch) rule should be suitable.

For example

	godeps[go.mod]
	godeps_rule[touch]

is enough to rebuild all Go targets when go.mod changes.

In 2.0 `touch` will be made the default value for `godeps_rule`

Empty list by default.

## extensions
A list of plugins to load. Plugins are go modules that can customize the
desciptors and other parts of sebuild. See the
[plugin documentation](../plugins.md) for more details.

## prefix
Set a prefix for the installed files for the specified flavor.
This argument must be flavored, i.e. you have to use something like
`prefix:release[usr/local]`, one entry per flavor.

## ruledeps
Per-rule dependencies. Targets built with a certain rule will depend on those
additional target. In this example everything built with `in` will also depend
on `$inconf`.

There exists some default ruledeps, entries you put here will add to those. The
defaults are:

* `in:$inconf,$configvars`

## rules
A list of file names, relative paths.

Global compilation rules. These ninja files gets included globally.
Defaults to empty list. The rules.ninja bundled with sebuild is however always
included as well, regardless of this value.

Commit message:

Change default rule for godeps to touch.
This is a much more useful default, as the previous default rule wasn't
even defined. No godeps[go.mod] is enough to rebuild all packages when
go.mod changes.

docs/descriptors/config.md, after:

# Global configuation - CONFIG

There can be only one `CONFIG` directive in the whole build system and it has
to be before any `COMPONENT` directives. In practice this means that it has to
be first in the first Builddesc or not at all.

Sebuild is meant to have sane defaults and perhaps you will not need a
CONFIG directive at all, its entire contents is optional. The most common
options to add are `invars`, `config_script` and `flavors`.

A config directive with large contents will look something like this.

	CONFIG(
		buildpath[build]
		buildvars[toolflags]
		buildversion_script[sebuild/buildversion.sh]
		conditions[x y]
		compiler[gcc]
		flavors[dev release]
		configvars[
			sebuild/config.ninja
		]
		rules[
			sebuild/gcc.ninja
			sebuild/rules.ninja
		]
		extravars[
			scripts/build/toolrules.ninja
			scripts/build/static.ninja
		]
		ruledeps[
			in:$inconf,$configvars
		]
		prefix:release[usr/local]
		config_script[
			sebuild/config_script.sh
		]
		invars[
			scripts/build/invars.sh
		]
	)

CONFIG contains custom arguments, described here. The list of arguments
on the index page does not apply to CONFIG. As a special exception, you _can_
use the [INCLUDE argument](../arguments/include.md) in CONFIG.

## buildpath
Where the build files are put. See other sections of the documentation to see
how files are organized.

Defaults to the BUILDPATH environment variable or to `build` if unset.

## buildvars
Attributes in other build descriptors that are copied into ninja files as
variables. The variable names here can be added as arguments in any descriptor
and will be available to rules in your custom rules.ninja.

## buildversion_script
Script that outputs one number which is the version of what's being built. It's
highly recommended that the version number is unique for at least every commit
to your repository.
Defaults to `git rev-list HEAD 2>/dev/null|wc -l|xargs` (xargs remove
any formatting wc adds.)

## cflags
Adds additional flags when using the C and C++ compiler. Must be flavored and
meant to contain defines, e.g.

    cflags:release[-DNDEBUG]

To set global cflags, use configvars. See also the
[Compiler and Linker Flags page](../compiler-flags.md).

## compiler

Override the compiler used, set it to the C compiler, C++ one will be guessed
with some heuristics. Defaults to CC env variables or by testing a few common
compilers if unset.

The available choices are gcc or clang:

	compiler[clang]

You will need respective compiler to be installed, obviously.

You can add a version requirement and multiple options. For example

	compiler[gcc:7.0 clang:5.0 gcc]

will first look for gcc >= 7.0, then clang >= 5.0 and then fallback
to an older version gcc.

### compiler_flavor_rule_dir
Directory for variables specific to both compiler and flavor, if any.
Included mostly for completeness, works similar to
[compiler_rule_dir](#compiler_rule_dir) and
[flavor_rule_dir](#flavor_rule_dir).

Defaults to the bundled `rules/compiler-flavor` directory which is empty.

## compiler_rule_dir
Directory containing variables for a compiler variant (such as gcc or clang).
In this directory should be a file named `compiler.ninja` (e.g. gcc.ninja)
that will be a global include based on compiler used. Typically sets the
`warncompiler` ninja variable.

Defaults to the bundled `rules/compiler` directory.

## config_script
Run a script whenever seb is generating ninja files and parse its output as
variables or conditions.

The script is run when seb is generating ninja files, and the output is parsed.
Any line containing a equal sign (`=`) is added as a ninja variable. This can
be used to e.g. run php-config only when seb is run instead of each call to the
compiler. These variable can be referred to in cflags etc. by using `$var` as
parsed by ninja.

Any non-empty line output without an equal sign will be considered a condition
to activate.

Make sure to redirect any messages to stderr for them to appear on the console.

## conditions
Statically set the mentioned conditions. These are used to enable or disable
features and are usually set via the script in [config_script](#config_script),
but you can also set them here. Conditions are further described
[here](../conditions.md).

## configvars
A list of file names, relative paths.

The files should contain global ninja variables. This can be used to set some
ninja variables such as the default gopath. Passed to invars.sh to also
generate variables there, must thus contain only variable assignments, no
rules, as it has to be parsable by bash as well.

Some descriptors and source types will parse some configvars values specially.
These are mentioned in respective document.

## invars
A list of file names, relative paths.

These scripts are invoked if you have any in-files in your
[srcs](../arguments/srcs.md).  Before run, the flavored `buildvars.ninja`, all
the configvars files and the builtin invars script are all included. The
builtin invars script defines two functions:

* setval can be used to set values. They'll both be printed and set as script
  variables.
* depend can be used to add dependencies on files, such that the invars script
  is re-run if they change. A trick to detect some changes such as an IP
  change is to add `depend /dev/null`. You should also depend on any scripts
  you include etc.

In previous versions this was instead set in `configvars` using the `inconfig`
variable. That still works and overrides the value set here so make sure you
haven't done that if you use this parameter.

## builtin_invars
A file name, relative path.

Can be used to override the builtin invars script. Should be used sparingly as
it might change even in patch versions. If not used the `SEBUILD_INVARS_SH`
environment variable is also checked before the default builtin one is used.

New variables might be added to the builtin script without it being considered
a breaking change.

## extravars
A list of file names, relative paths.

Per flavor-included ninja files. This means they can depend on the variables
defined in the flavor files. Can be flavored.

## flavors

Unlike in other descriptor, here this argument lists all the available flavors.
Flavors are described in more detail in [its own document](../flavors.md).

Defaults to `dev` only.

## flavor_rule_dir
Directory containing default variables for a flavor, in addition to those set
here.
In this directory should be a file named `flavor.ninja` (e.g. dev.ninja) that
will be a flavor specific include. Typically sets variables such as `cflags`
and `cwarnflags`.

Defaults to the bundled `rules/flavor` directory.

## godeps and godeps_rule
A list of files that all Go target depends on. E.g. you can add go.mod
here to rebuild all go targets when go.mod changes.

By default this uses the `touch` rule to simply update a stamp file
when the dependencies are modified. You can customize this with the
`godeps_rule` argument. It will get all the godeps as input and the
stamp file as output (all go packages then depend on the stampfile).

Example:

	godeps[go.mod]

is enough to rebuild all Go targets when go.mod changes.

Empty list by default.

## extensions
A list of plugins to load. Plugins are go modules that can customize the
desciptors and other parts of sebuild. See the
[plugin documentation](../plugins.md) for more details.

## prefix
Set a prefix for the installed files for the specified flavor.
This argument must be flavored, i.e. you have to use something like
`prefix:release[usr/local]`, one entry per flavor.

## ruledeps
Per-rule dependencies. Targets built with a certain rule will depend on those
additional target. In this example everything built with `in` will also depend
on `$inconf`.

There exists some default ruledeps, entries you put here will add to those. The
defaults are:

* `in:$inconf,$configvars`

## rules
A list of file names, relative paths.

Global compilation rules. These ninja files gets included globally.
Defaults to empty list. The rules.ninja bundled with sebuild is however always
included as well, regardless of this value.
