docs/upgrade-notes/2.0.md, before:

# Upgrade Notes for 2.0

## Invars

The invars file has been remodeled. You now configure it using the
[invars](../descriptors/config.md#invars) parameter in CONFIG, instead of in a
configvars.ninja. Sebuild will concatenate buildvars, configvars, the builtin
invars script and the ones specified in CONFIG. Thus there's no longer any need
to use `source` or `depend` in your invars.sh. The `setval` and `depend`
functions are still around and work as usual.

While the `inconfig` variable in configvars still work, you should remove it
and instead put the same file in the `invars` parameter in CONFIG.

The builtin invars script can be overridden either with the `SEBUILD_INVARS_SH`
environment variable or by the
[builtin_invars](../descriptors/config.md#builtin_invars) parameter in CONFIG.

## Go sources

The Go runtime auto-initialization is no longer disabled by default, so you
can go ahead and call your Go functions with no additional loops. If you
depend on it being disabled you will have to add `go_noinit[]` to the
relevant Builddesc files containing the Go sources.

Commit message:

Update docs to reflect buildtooldir on longer existing.
Since I looked through a lot of files I also did some general touch-ups.

docs/upgrade-notes/2.0.md, after:

# Upgrade Notes for 2.0

## Install Flag

The `-install` flag has been removed, as it's no longer needed. The seb binary
is now self-contained and will simply print the rules etc. directly to the
generated ninja files. If really needed, the builtin version can be overridden
with environment variables or
[CONFIG arguments](../descriptors/config.md#builtin_rules_ninja).

## Invars

The invars file has been remodeled. You now configure it using the
[invars](../descriptors/config.md#invars) parameter in CONFIG, instead of in a
configvars.ninja. Sebuild will concatenate buildvars, configvars, the builtin
invars script and the ones specified in CONFIG. Thus there's no longer any need
to use `source` or `depend` in your invars.sh. The `setval` and `depend`
functions are still around and work as usual.

While the `inconfig` variable in configvars still work, you should remove it
and instead put the same file in the `invars` parameter in CONFIG.

The builtin invars script can be overridden either with the `SEBUILD_INVARS_SH`
environment variable or by the
[builtin_invars](../descriptors/config.md#builtin_invars) parameter in CONFIG.

## Go sources

The Go runtime auto-initialization is no longer disabled by default, so you
can go ahead and call your Go functions with no additional loops. If you
depend on it being disabled you will have to add `go_noinit[]` to the
relevant Builddesc files containing the Go sources.
